Board of Directors Meeting 4 March 2026

Attendance:
- [x] storce
- [x] rsang
- [x] jaysa
- [ ] sbwilliams

- [x] msonmez
- [ ] joiew
- [x] sawansri
- [x] erdaifuu

- [x] jingwenyang
- [x] finwan
- [x] eariespraud
- [x] knivesng
- [x] lukepeters
- [x] danliu
- [x] chamburr
- [x] michaelzls
- [x] blakeh
- [x] ncostello
- [x] ericgu

Guests:

Quorum for this meeting is 17/19 (quorum met)

Meeting Started at 18:44

## administrivia

- storce: nix meetup next Monday. Opstaff will keep lab open as usual
    - jaysa: will be there
- rsang: all keycards work now

  
## operations
- eariespraud: a few issues from patrons and opstaff but overall things work well
    - goodnotes fix: messing around with margins sometimes work
    - will volunteer a patron tomorrow to test for us :)
    - processed all pay periods now
- blakeh: confusion over separate colour selection dialogue
    - removed the option entirely! change pushed today
    - (CSS none :)
    - everyone: TYYYY!
    - but lmk if it messes with your firefox config. if you made changes it shouldn't overwrite though
    - lukepeters: wallpaper update...
        - rsang: should be up to date


## rebuild

- eariespraud (segue into rebuild): i like cosmic (deja vu)
- blakeh: don't drag the help icon to the desktop
    - .desktop file has name collision with GNOME help
- jaysa: cosmic and stuff is great and got done this semester!
    - everyone: (sounds of amazement)
- blakeh: learned nix
- danliu: jukebox can seek
    - volume fixed
    - ncostello: titles containing '.' also work
    - blakeh: can I inject something into titles
- blakeh, jaysa: pls remove eval from waddles bot (token leaks)
- michaelzls: how about my bucket list
    - dual monitors
    that row
    that row
    those rows
    ALL THE ROWS HAVE GPUS AND DUAL MONITORS
    yeah this is finance stuff
    rsang: at least 2 rows of fancy monitor
    michaelzls: 4k 120Hz with AMD GPUs
    jaysa: not nvidia
    storce: why $800 monitors?
    michaelzls: freesync, 120-144Hz, 4k, "these ones have nice kvms"
    eariespraud: what happened to the other new monitors?
    5 more bucket list items:
    dataloss has low drive space
    doorplug needs RAM
    more nodes in proxmox
    dedicated firewall
    fibrechannel
    10G between servers
    blakeh: node in warren? for faster internet on proxmox nodes
    yes.
    KVM switches
    and a rack KVM
    monitors and GPUs easiest
    jaysa: infrastructure though? robert wants to finish dataloss migration to nix
    priority queue:
    non rough-draft of server network architecture
    firewall appliance
    proxmox
    server for critical infra (maybe in warren). docs. ideally everything, but especially docs and important things.
    jaysa: currently, not kuberneters in the server room DOES NOT GO DOWN
    blakeh: also github :)
    jaysa: (denies accusations of being anti kubernetes)
    oldkube doesn't run anything stable to it just looks stable
    storce: oldkube is DONE
    ocfweb runs on different things depending on who you ask
    anything else?
    dissatisfaction...?
    rsang: the amount of stress and purchases...
    we want to feasibly achieve things
    do everything. but only do some things *right now*

- michaelzls: (this is secretly part of the same list above)
    workflow for login to staff accounts
    kinit
    FIDO or smartcard with kinit
    then be able to log into everything using kerberos ticket forwarding
    gotta document the other stuff
    SSH CA!

- blakeh: comment on printing
    can sb else research my choice is reasonable for the printer
    can use it as a budget basis, but we need to double check for technical specs
    no reviews either
    see my links in #administrivia
    rsang: no inkjets
    blakeh: yeah those are way too slow
    estimate for 35K pages. seems reasonable...
    finalise purchase by this sem
    rsang: double sided colour printing!
    nicer paper, can reserve thick paper for colour

michaelzls: (btw, this is also part of the list above)
    draw network map with bridge to warren (wireguard), fibrechannel between servers
    after my midterm
    hardware planning, etc.

jaysa: I will take down outline tonight.
    migrate secret docs, GM runbook, etc.
    ~staff homedir for private docs
    docs.obe will --> bestdocs
    (there was some drama tho):
    blakeh: you can browse bestdocs as a CNAME under ocf.io
    lukepeters: I said this last time...
    blakeh: it should be canonical
    jaysa, rsang, storce, etc: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯


## internal
msonmez:
    - social posted
    - retreat locations in progress (likely apr 24 weekend, will do another poll and vote next week prob)
        - book airbnb by end march/early april


## finance
  
- finwan: ABSA application complete, will submit tonight
    - let's put in any major planned costs to justify those funds in the proposal
    - jaysa, michaelzls, blakeh: printer, servers
    - blakeh: buy 1 colour printer and eventually(?) replace the others
    - rsang: nicer paper...
    - blakeh: considered throughput, etc. option I posted to #rebuild: $4600 printer + 200 tray
    - will send details in chat later
    - storce: consensus on ABSA request amount
    - finwan: $45.3K
        - only used 9/20K of this year's budget
        - make it clear that we will be using our funds this sem
        - argument for budget increase next semester
    - jaysa: GPUs too, should be straightforward


## decal
sawansri:
attendance was low
server room tour
no announcements


## design
jingwenyang: can rsang resend the document to fix things
i'd like storage for design docs to be in one folder on the servers instead of gdrive

opstaff did design‽ (the old times)


Meeting Adjourned at 19:20.

Notetaker: lukepeters


