# 8 | 10/21/2025

Directors in Attendance:

- [x] lukepeters
- [x] fengyihuang
- [ ] eariespraud
- [x] storce
- [x] sbwilliams

- [ ] joie
- [x] ncostello

- [x] finwan
- [x] rsang

- [ ] erdaifuu
- [ ] lic
- [x] sawansri

- [x] jingwenyang
- [x] msonmez

- [x] rjz
- [x] jaysa
- [x] toke
- [x] kinn

Quorum Met (y/n): y
Total Attendance: 14/18


Guests in Attendance:
- veil
- lydiaywang
- michaelzls


Notetaker: sbwilliams 


# Agenda

BoD Started: 18:45


Voting Items:
- rjz: would like to reintroduce motion to allocate up to $1000 for repairing broken gpu
    - repair, not replace
    - cost to replace would be around $800 to repair. replacing with the exact model would cost upwards of $3000, is not a good idea.
    - jaysa: i see no problem with repairing. blanket allocation of $1000 to cover for tax etc. makes sense
    - did we ever fix green screen issue
        - rjz: we have spare cpus so we can swap them in (as it occurs)
Vote: 12 for | 0 against | 0 abstain | 1 unaccounted | Motion passes
- ~rjz will handle repairs

- storce: keyboard pricing
    - fengyihuang: discussion i wanted to bring up. context for everyone: new keyboards have been installed at all computers. 70 keyboards purchased overall. some members of the OCF have received a keyboard. these keyboards were purchased with ASUC funds and thus they cannot be free(?). there have been comments about the equity of receiving a keyboard for free
        - sbwilliams: current understanding is that people who helped make it happen (~jaysa, ~rsang, ~jingwenyang, ~rjz) would get free keyboards
        - fengyihuang: would this create perverse incentive for people to do things in the hope of getting free stuff?
            - ncostello: all the logistics of ensuring we could get a shipment of custom keyboards was quite a major task
            - jaysa: started last october (a year ago!). 60 emails in total. ~jingwenyang spent hours on the design. personally i don't need it for free, but that is due to current financial situation
            - kinn: line could be drawn of if it is custom-made or not? these are specially made, only we have them. this is a consideration for if we should sell or give it for free.
            - sbwilliams: maybe selfish motivation is okay. you're still getting things done for the OCF
            - jingwenyang: aligned with ~ncostello. it would be very strong to promise people that they would get free stuff, especially when "work"/contributions is poorly-defined. it is a pain to go through something like what ~jaysa is doing. letting it stay as a grey zone is acceptable, rather than necessarily establish a specific legislative precident. future bod can discuss if this becomes relevant again in the future. i'm pretty sure that people in the ocf all have good enough senses of fairness for this to work
            - ncostello: to be clear, i think it is entirely fair for ~jaysa, ~jingwenyang, ~rsang get keyboards for free
            - jaysa: if all the keyboards got sold before i got one i would [...]
            - jaysa: current count of keyboards remaining should be 38-39
            - sbwilliams: this is a donation incentive. !! we are not selling !!
            - lukepeters: this is complicated and we probably should not set a precedent
        - jaysa: before any keyboards left the lab, we probably should've sat down, taken inventory and determined who would take keyboards.
            - lukepeters: this needs to be inventoried and written down so we can track who has taken keyboards. tell the gms and they will make a list
            - jaysa: when do we want to finalize the list of who gets keyboards
            - lukepeters: end of week we should have a priority list of who gets keyboards, we from there go on to find out what we do with the remaining keyboards
            - ncostello: relevant question also, obviously we have all of our previous keyboards. the general concensus *seems* to be that we are going to donate all of them. this includes several non-customized keychrons. do we have thoughts on what we do with the old keychrons considering they are a more recent purchase and worth more
            - jaysa: while we inventory new keychrons we should also inventory old keyboards and gauge interest for those
        - jingwenyang: there is a very concerning thing, all bluetooth connectors are stacked in the same box
            - rjz: we don't need to know which is which. they can be easily paired
            - fengyihuang: we are not selling these. they are donation incentives. this is an important distinction
        - vote on pricing and list for new and old keyboards by the end of this gm

- jaysa: vote for pricing
    - fengyihuang: $120/keyboard including shipping and taxes. do we want to use this pricing?
    - jaysa and lukepeters: yes.
    - fengyihuang: bod/staff have priority for donating and receiving a keyboard as incentive
Vote: 13 for | 0 against | 0 abstain | 1 unaccounted | Motion passes

- jaysa: we'll decide the priority list today and post it until friday. then start giving out keyboards next week
    - sbwilliams: this list is being made by?
    - jaysa: me and GMs 
    - sbwilliams and storce: \*Ms and ~jaysa
Vote: 14 for | 0 againwst | 0 abstain | 0 unaccounted | Motion passes
- ncostello: will we keep keyboards for backups?
    - jaysa: yes, we will decide this when we make the list

Updates:


General Updates:

* General Managers: fengyihuang and lukepeters
- fengyihuang: GMs are presenting to the senate on November 12th, 3ish weeks from now. planning to showcase why the OCF is important, who uses it and why it is important. hoping ASUC takes favor to us and doesn't do anything cringe
    - jaysa: emphasize that opstaff is funded by CACSSF so that we ensure that the proposal gets funded in the spring
        - fengyihuang: noted
    - lukepeters: we will be making clear that opstaff are necessary to keep the OCF functional
    - ncostello: will the presentation be made public before it is presented
        - fengyihuang: we will try to make a slideshow to give out 
        - sbwilliams: should it be presented at bod?
        - lukepeters: people who care should look it over
        - ncostello: maybe time during GM

- fengyihuang: officially signed MOU with blue & gold, number has been changed. no material changes to the language of the MOU

- michaelzls: air filter is kinda blocked? would be nice to relocate the stuff around the filter in order for the filter to actually work properly
    - ncostello: *lifts up fan* do we use this?
        - only in summer lol, moving to storage room

- michaelzls: shredder is in a bad spot maybe, move closer to printers?
    - no it's good where it is

Site Updates:

* Site Managers: sbwilliams and storce
- michaelzls: the ethernet cable is about to snap. would require some downtime(?)
    - rjz: could avoid downtime using another connection, needs to be set up 
    - will be talked about among SMs and ~rjz outside of bod

- jaysa: i cleaned all the mousepads. it kinda sucks, the water was brown by the end even after 3 soakings with soap.
    - dude why is the ocf so dirty
    - jaysa: should do this more often and with people helping, cleaning social would be cool to bring back. don't need it professionally cleaned, it's not very hard it's just gross lol

- sbwilliams: especially now that we have the new keyboards, i'd like to request that people please not unplug cables from the computers. there is a persistent issue of (mostly staff) unplugging peripherals in order to use them with their own laptops, which creates issues when people don't put cables back properly
    - michaelzls: you could look into connection locks. but this would only work if there's another input people can use to use the monitors
        - fengyihuang: connection locks have been brought up. this is a good reminder in general for staff to clean up after themselves. there are a lot of people who come to OCF and hook up their computers to the monitors from what we've seen
    - jaysa: the solution is to use dotfiles and get on linux :) i wont respect u otherwise
    - sbwilliams: "a lot of people do it" doesn't mean it should be preserved
    - jaysa: dogfooding! if people actively use OCF desktops it will help people find bugs or way to improve the experience
    - sbwilliams: computer lab, not monitor lab. if you really do want to re-cable, just please make sure to respect the space. the lab does not just exist for staff, please leave the lab in a space that is nice for everyone, especially patrons
    - ncostello: what if we do something halfway where we tell people to return cables
    - jaysa: the solution is to make customization more accessible :) i am working on this
    - michaelzls: can we add customization instructions to the wallpaper?
        - jaysa: yes talk to me later

- sbwilliams: a5 has been unfixed due to breaking papers
    - ncostello: we are back to 20 sides
        - sbwilliams: we are not back to 20 slides, we are at 30. this is bc ocflib on whiteout is updated.
            - however, the desktops have their own version of ocflib they use to read the page count. there are multiple branches of the nix repo, so the desktops are somewhat inconsistent
            - many desktops end up with older generations as boot default
            - in practice, 30 sides is real. if there are 20 sides shown, it will go into negatives

Operations Updates:

* Operations Manager: eariespraud
- absent
   
Internal Updates:

* Internal Heads: joiew and ncostello
- ncostello: working on tech talks. we received an email however (posted in #administrivia). a professor recently died and their spouse wants to clear out printer paper. they are wondering if we want the paper
    - jaysa: what size paper?
        - ncostello: we will ask, need to find paper size and paper quantity
        - storce: make sure we figure out how we will retrieve the paper from them

- jaysa: ~abizer is interested in giving a tech talk (old ocf alumni). don't know if he has filled out the form yet. i talk to him a lot so i will get back to you on that

Finance Updates:

* Finance Heads: finwan and rsang
- finwan: as for finance, we did not end up needing to buy a microwave (thank you ~nonit!). requested fuser, label maker, and monitors!

- jaysa: purchase request (purchase order otp) for t-shirts. ~jingwenyang has received an invoice from their printer. once ASUC receives this they will request an official invoice, and pay it once we have received the shirts. we have also emailed asking the preferred way to receive payment. agent bcourses training is very good please do it

DeCal Updates:

* DeCal Heads: erdaifuu, lic, and sawansri
- sawansri: for decal, it's getting around the time for mid-semester updates. will send that out soon. decal is going pretty well :)

- jaysa: vm networking issue is no longer happening
    - sbwilliams: :)
        - (dns change was pushed today so this will likely have to be fixed again)

- storce: resized VMs to have 6 GB ram, in order to have enough memory for the minecraft server in the nix lab
    - jaysa: nix lab is almost done, just gotta polish and push!
    - jaysa: also, lab and lecture have not been reworked for security

Design Updates:

* Design Heads: jingwenyang and msonmez
- jingwenyang: we have a halloween flyer! 
    - deserved ~jingwenyang glazing follows
    - jingwenyang: what do we want to do with it? email, instagram, etc?
        - jaysa: we can post it to instagram
        - storce: we can send it out to our mailing list
    - jaysa: do not have confirmation for what food we have yet

- msonmez: hopefully talk with ~rsang and ~finwan about retreat stuff. pretty much the only update we have at the moment about that. need to talk and plan and next week hopefully have something more concrete

BoD Concluded: 19:29
