# 5 | 10/01/2025

Directors in Attendance:

- [x] lukepeters
- [x] fengyihuang
- [x] eariespraud
- [x] storce
- [x] sbwilliams

- [ ] joie
- [x] ncostello

- [x] finwan
- [x] rsang

- [x] erdaifuu
- [x] lic
- [x] sawansri

- [ ] jingwenyang
- [x] msonmez

- [x] rjz
- [x] jaysa
- [x] toke
- [x] kinn

Quorum Met (y/n): 
Total Attendance: 16/18


Guests in Attendance:
veil
leos
knivesng
lydiaywang
vqbc

Notetaker: jaysa


# Agenda

BoD Started: 6:43PM


Voting Items: None

Updates:

- lab reservation policy needs work from GMs

General Updates:

* General Managers: fengyihuang and lukepeters

- no updates on seat cleaning from GMs
- storce: also send maintenance email about broken lights!
    - email about both at once

- meeting on Sunday w/ B&G leadership and GMs
    - 3 year old un-updated MOU, need to touch base
    - if unsure about anything, will come back to ask BoD
    - current policy requires 24 advance notice via email OR
      coming in during open hours
    - 24/7 keycard access to lab is a security issue!
    - lukepeters: more inclined to be lenient... just B&G
      signatories?
    - jaysa: make sure to get approval of our decision by ASUC
      spaces (ideally to revoke their keycard) before taking
      this to SUFMO operations staff to have it removed
    - sbwilliams: ASUC EVP is looped in on these emails by me
        - no response from them)
    - storce, lukepeters: try to at least figure out *who* has
      keycard right now
        - storce: and have us be the requestors!
    - lukepeters: their keycard requests dont go through Lauren,
      bc they're not chartered
    - sbwilliams: if they have very valid reason to keep
      keycard, we at least audit. otherwise they shouldnt have
      it.
        - lessens chance of us losing track of who has keycard
          again
    - sbwilliams: explicitly asked Andy for full keycard list,
      was redirected to Lauren
        - lukepeters: this makes sense bc they're fairly
          disorganized
        - lukepeters: kayla did audit last summer so she *might*
          know. will reach out again.
        - fengyihuang: we need to maintain good relationship w/
          B&G
    - lukepeters: we should walk lightly around campus entities
      in general and try to present a good image. esp bc budget
      was cut last year
        - jaysa: we had consistent rollover tho...
    - fengyihuang: advertising on MLK screens would be good
        - doing outreach and showcasing what we do is good
        - jaysa: putting together document/webpage showing what
          we do would be good for funding app too
            - storce: collaboration w/ OCTO in progress
            - jaysa: dailycal artible, also bestdocs
              blog/newsletter real (someone help me implement
              pls)

    - fengyihuang: keycard is normally reserved for contributing
      staff.
        - but how do we define contribution?
        - using myself as a case study of non-technical
          contributions!
        - lukepeters: BoD should think more about this policy
          and who we give keycard to
        - storce: using fang as example, he's around, keycard as
          recognition for presence.
          - however administrative and technical contributions
            should be priority criteria
          - people should be motivated to contribute to this
            space.
        - sbwilliams: we do have an explicit keycard policy!
          loosly defining contributions is good in writing,
          because small thing will then get recognize (both
          technical and administrative). having more incentives
          to make these contributions is a good thing
            - we want to encourage contributing in small ways
            - ppl wanting to just come and hang out is not
              limiting, since they may then be motivated to
              contribute to get keycard
            - motivated myself personally to make contributions
        - lukepeters: when we talk about this, we usually keep
          status quo, its a pretty organic social thing.

        - fengyihuang: should we keep the idea of people needing
          to ask for keycard?
            - jaysa: dont have 1 *Ms give keycard and not tell
              anyone!
                - sbwilliams: this is in OCF policy
            - sbwilliams: this should be said in the *M chat
              before its done so other people have chance to
              object
            - lukepeters: we already do lol lets gooo

Site Updates:

* Site Managers: sbwilliams and storce

- storce: no updates
- sbwilliams: nothing to bring up to BoD

- rjz: run out of disk space on HPC server...
    -  must replace 1 8TB hard drive with a 16TB hard drive
    - if we don't have one in stock, will buy it
    - storce: no storage policy in place?
        - rjz: nope! will take a look at usage by users
    - sbwilliams: when you look at buying a drive, pls loop in
      me and storce
    - sbwilliams: if theres an additional step for adding users
      to HPC currently missing, could you add it to docs rjz?

Operations Updates:

* Operations Manager: eariespraud

- eariespraud: isabelle wanted to bring up OCF halloween social, budget?
    - jaysa: we should watch perfect blue and i will set out decorations after BoD.
    - $50 candy budget?
    - will decide social budget after attendance poll 
        - joie will send it out after a few weeks
    - costumes heavily encouraged....🎃🎃🎃🎃🎃🎃

Internal Updates:

* Internal Heads: joiew and ncostello

- 1 tech talk results:
    - interest from 1 person, thomson nguyen
    - allthingsweb also interested, but want a small tech-talk,
      ideally a lecture hall
    - sawansri: my manager was down to give a tech talk, our
      team at amazon was working on an OSS project. he'd have to
      fly out from washington

- lukepeters: no resposne from framework
- alumni banquet in december

- retreat poll results

Finance Updates:

* Finance Heads: finwan and rsang

- finwan: no big updates or purchases
    - placed paper order
    - contacted SUFMO about e-waste, will tell them wednesday
      nights are ideal
- lab hours shortening
    - thursday and friday in general
        - TODO restore thursday hours, cut off friday, update
          ocf.io/hours
        - jaysa: bring back friday hour at end next semester

- filled out ASUC invoice request form to Jane Street for $25k

DeCal Updates:

* DeCal Heads: erdaifuu, lic, and sawansri

- sawansri: lower attendance, only 13 people this week
    - going well overall
    - reached out to by SPLASH@berkeley
        - no one wanted to do it last year when they reached out

Design Updates:

* Design Heads: jingwenyang and msonmez

jingwenyang not present

- mina: nov 14-16th fits best w/ ppls schedules, most people
preferred 2 nights (Fri and Sat).
    - even distribution of location preferences
        - however, highest were monterey and santa cruz
    - jaysa: has been to santa cruz via public transportation
        - mina: having cars is important tho
            - 2 yesses (including myself) for driving a car

- mina: will tiebreaker with activities

- joie: fill out the shirt form!!! today!!!! its in the discord.
  jingwen sending out quote soon

BoD Concluded: 7:34PM
