# 1 | DATE

Directors in Attendance:

- lukepeters
- fengyihuang
- eariespraud
- storce
- sbwilliams

- joie
- ncostello

- finwan
- rsang

- erdaifuu
- lic
- sawansri

- jingwenyang
- msonmez

- rjz
- jaysa
- toke (ABSENT)
- kinn

Former Directors: None

Guests in Attendance:

- leos
- veil

Notetaker: jaysa


# Agenda

BoD Started: 6:41PM


Voting Items:

- lol one
- BMT lab reservation for Saturday, Nov 8th event? total lab closure for
  that day.
    - technically from 3-6PM, but let's just close all day
    - eariespraud: will circle back to ask about opstaff/staff presence
      clsoer to the date
    - RESULT: 15 in favor, 0 objections, 0 abstains. PASSES

Updates:


General Updates:

* General Managers: fengyihuang and lukepeters
storce: AllThingsWeb, a web dev conference in SF, want to host an event at Berkeley through the OCF. What do people feel about this?
    - member appeared recently at one of our NixOS meetups
    - They will finance everything
    - They want to meet berkeley people and teach about web dev
        - one event, not recurring
    - They will bring guest speakers
        - will require storce to coordinate with them on logistics
    - rsang and jaysa express approval

- lukepeters: final MOU w/ SUFMO is on discord concerning after-hours
    - if you have concerns/comment, contact lukepeters very soon
    - we bumped it up from 6 to 8 after-hours staff
    - MOU renewed yearly, does not automatically continue if we forget to
      manually renew!!
    - put name on lukepeter's sheet of paper to be able to stay until 12AM

- SWE has begun using the lab

- as per previous vote, BMT will use lab Nov 8th after SWE
    - jaysa: will update website to reflect saturday closure

Site Updates:

* Site Managers: sbwilliams and storce

- storce: will give OCF infra rundown tn at GM storce and rjz went to datacenter to deal w/ failed GPU in `corruption`. will pop GPU into staff computer to debug. If still not working, will
  contact NVIDIA to see options on returning. - will need a $10 EPS adapter to do this debugging

- storce: `ocf.io/projects`
- jaysa: desktop ricing competition pushed back to next GM
    - working w/ `home-manager` and `plasma manager` tonight

- kinn: in solving security... actually working on securing wordpress sites, getting some security friends to help
    - idea is to monitor and prevent hijacking. looks like
        - checking plugins against database of safe plugins
        - geofencing admin page
        - and many more ideas!
    - if YOU have potential solutions, chat w/ kinn
    - looking at 7 people plus 1-2 berke1337 officers.

Operations Updates:
* Operations Manager: eariespraud

- re-adjusting desktop bg to point to downloads bc ppl are silly little geese that are illiterate in the process of getting a bachelors
    - embarrassing tbh
    - rsang is going nuts man
    - will put on ocf.io/projects
    - jingwen: i can take care of it! :D would like take like 10 min
- paper/toner stock looks good

- rsang: A5 paper issue occasionally causes huge backlog...
    - eariespraud: ppl dont come up to desk and just keep tryna print
    - technical solution: auto-cancelling A5 jobs
   
Internal Updates:

* Internal Heads: joiew and ncostello

- joie: will send out tech-talk invitations by end of this week
    - will ask hey... r u open to talking to general public, or wanna keep it just ocf

- joie: MINECRAFT SOCIAL THIS FRIDAY POG POG POG
    - come and craft baby
    - volume can get crazy friday nights... but lets avoid the high volume's we've seen some other nights

- lukepeters: last sem, framework tech talk got cancelled last minute
    - do we reach out again?
        - joie: OK
        - lukepeters will follow up

Finance Updates:

* Finance Heads: finwan and rsang

not much

- bought boardgames and stuff. thx fang and sbwilliams
- folders and lab supplies otw
- moving from sides to pages of paper...? 
  - change language from sides to pages
      - rsang: based on rjz's calculations, toner is not the main cost
        factor
      - jaysa: keep this in mind when applying for funding... advocate to
        ASUC and other funding bodies on-campus

DeCal Updates:

* DeCal Heads: erdaifuu, lic, and sawansri

- erdaifuu: class yesterday went well on bash scripting
    - enrollments basically done
    - CE email sent out yesterday
    - no screw ups like last year

- jaysa: try self-hosting a website w/ lecture content

- lic: if anyone wants to re-work lab1 content talk to me
- sawansri: ppl may not submit lab til end of sem lol
    - jaysa: separate branch w/ changes, merge at end of sem

Design Updates:

* Design Heads: jingwenyang and msonmez

- jingwenyang: may need to find another vendor
    - current vendor is sending converted svg that looks trash
    - it works but like
    - rjz: ask them to provide a proof?

- rsang: keebs are being manufactured from 15-18th, will update once shipped

- msonmez: will post again on instagram w/ social + GM photos :)))))
    - send msonmez photos on discord if you have some to post
    - will gauge retreat interest and availability soon
        - sbwilliams: right before RRR week prob isnt great time...
        - msonmez: not necessarily locked to this time, will gauge ppls
          preferences
    - thinking about locations that are nearby
        - transportation is a consideration
        - little SF alcatraz moment?
            - would be pricey but...
            - alcatraz admission isnt lowk expensive. but we do have
              baypass
        - rsang: exploratorium?
    - promoted ocf at transfer mixer
        - will continue doing shoutouts at other transfer events

BoD Concluded: 7:19PM
