# 1 | 12/03/2025

Directors in Attendance:

- [x] lukepeters
- [x] fengyihuang
- [x] eariespraud
- [x] storce
- [ ] sbwilliams

- [x] joie
- [x] ncostello

- [x] finwan
- [x] rsang

- [x] erdaifuu
- [x] lic
- [x] sawansri

- [ ] jingwenyang
- [x] msonmez

- [x] rjz
- [x] jaysa
- [x] toke
- [x] kinn
- [x] blakeh

Quorum Met (y/n): 
Total Attendance: 16/18


Guests in Attendance:
- joonhwang
- michaelzls

Notetaker: jaysa


# Agenda

BoD Started:


Voting Items:


Updates:


General Updates:


- General Managers: fengyihuang and lukepeters storce: retreat was great success! Thanks to all who contributed.
    - Drivers! I will reimburse you all directly (except for Luke)
    - See spreadsheet in administrativia:
      - Total MISC spending this retreat: $961.43 (well below our max of 1.5k!)
      - $444.21 to Storce for covering Airbnb and reimbursing drivers
      - $417.69 to Rjz for Costco Grocery
      - $99.54 for more grocery runs
    - If you ate out on your own during retreat, that cost will NOT be reimbursed
    - If you believe you should be reimbursed for anything specific, please lmk!

- alumni banquet will be next Saturday 6PM December 13th
    - can't do friday bc extended hours until 10PM
    - storce and jaysa will work on it
    - $800 last year, but we overspent tbh
    - $700 blanket allocation for now, $600 target
        - BOD VOTE: 17 YES, 0 NO, 0 ABSTAIN. UNANIMOUSLY PASSES

* General Managers: fengyihuang and lukepeters

- ricing competition wrapping up next GM
    - submissions due next Tuesday, will send out a form w/ instructions after bod
    - will do a showcase at next GM, vote and award plushie :)

Site Updates:

* Site Managers: sbwilliams and storce

- bod will be extended such that sbwilliams can vote despite not being present
    - GMs are extending BOD until sbwilliams re-appears
    - very special & difficult circumstances
    - proxy voting should not be the precedent
    - BOD VOTE: 17 YES, 0 NO, 0 ABSTAIN. PASSES 

Operations Updates:

* Operations Manager: eariespraud

- eariespraud: rollover $50 from previous social to another social for opstaff?
    - mostly everyone: yeah ok reasonable
    - done

## ELECTIONS

### GM
- joecf speech: joe from joewang.me
    - cultivate bigger technical culture in OCF
    - as always, better task delegation among committees

- ncostello speech:
    - love the OCF, enjoy talking to people here
    - good recruitment and integration this sem
    - decent amount of experience in OCF
    - better task delegation among committees
    - improvements to constitution
    - increased availability next sem
- ncostello questions:
    - joiew: workload?
        - ncostello: less club obligations, 3 classes.
            - includes 162
            - but only 11 units!
    - kinn: what as internal head has prepped you to be GM?
        - particularly near beginning of the sem, helped new staff get onboarded.
    - kinn: particualr events or projects?
        - ncostello: updating the intro to the ocf at the beginning of the year
            - had better technical and social integration this sem as a result

- rsang speech:
    - came here for refuge... found ppl i vibe with
    - became ficomm head last sem, been ficomm head for 2 sems
    - want to make ppl feel as welcome as i felt
    - better structuring better everything
    - improving general way we do things
        - making ocf a better community
    - many of us are very independent and stubborn, form cliques
        - we should be more open. communicate more openly w/ one another
    - if possible, would love to make larger decisions to help OCF become better.
- rsang questions:
    - storce: contributions as ficomm head?
      - ABSA and CACSSF funding apps last sem
      - printer maintenance
      - organizing storage room
      - talked to Lauren about our financial situation
      - restructured OCF finances pretty much
      - help opstaff get a better idea of what the OCF is about
          - linking opstaff and volstaff
      - served as opstaff
    - ncostello: workload?
      - rsang: 13 units!! hard bio classes r done
    - jaysa: general vision?
        - connection between opstaff and volstaff!
        - making OCF more cohesive during BoD

- joiew speech:
    - been in the OCF since freshman fall
    - been interal head this sem and the last
    - as GM, want to focus intersectionality
        - we have some seperate groups within the OCF
        - this leads to misunderstandings
        - bridge these gaps!!! be someone to express grievances to
    - i really love the ocf. one of my fav places in Berkeley
    - i will continue to contribute and do my best for the OCF :)
- joiew questions:
    - eariespraud: bridging gaps. what does that look like concretely?
        - talking to people! some ppl in bod dont talk to eachother
        - i could be on a level of comfort w/ enough ppl to understand grievances
        - sometimes i hear complaints outside of BoD that fester and blow up, but aren't brought up in BoD
        - talk to enough sections to communicate all viewpoints
    - rsang: workload?
        - joiew: 15 units.
            - looking into more extracurriculars to motivate me to do more tbh lol. sounds weird but true
    - jaysa: ocf ideal vision?
        - joiew: more connection with other orgs on campus. ASUC, B&G
    - jaysa: contributions as internal head?
        - joiew: as internal head, managed socials this sem!
        - kept storage room stocked w/ snacks
        - DID THOSE DAMN PRS!!!!
        - made posters
jaysa sm speech
    - i think there should in future be more SM tickets
    - applying for CACSSF next year
    - you can learn a lot from the ocf, even coming in with little to zero experience
    - i mostly just wanted to contribute to open source projects
    - encourage everyone to find ways to contribute to the ocf in any way, even small ways
    - fengyihuang: favourite microwave brand?
    never bought one
    - rjz: are you using pw management
    yes! i use bitwarden. also 1password and other stuff. my homedir is encrypted
    - msonmez: thoughts on ways to help people contribute
    don't want to devalue finance, admin, decal work. that's what I did for much of my time in the ocf. but technically, find a proj you're passionate about
    don't be afraid to ask for help or guidance or bug people
    bother me plz
    i'm SM so you can bother me as much as you want and I will be forced to listen and help
    lol
    hopefully GM will continue being a time to help people, get started on things
    thx rjz for doing SM work for... years now
    -- end of ted talk --

GMs: storce and rsang
SMs: jaysa & sbwilliams

BoD Concluded: ??? 
