# 4 | 09/24/25

Directors in Attendance:

- [x] lukepeters
- [x] fengyihuang
- [x] eariespraud
- [x] storce
- [x] sbwilliams

- [x] joie
- [x] ncostello

- [x] finwan
- [x] rsang

- [x] erdaifuu
- [x] lic
- [x] sawansri

- [x] jingwenyang
- [x] msonmez

- [x] rjz
- [x] jaysa
- [x] toke
- [x] kinn

Quorum Met (y/n): y
Total Attendance: 18/18


Guests in Attendance:
veil

Notetaker: sbwilliams :3


# Agenda

BoD Started: 18:40


Voting Items:
- none

Updates:
- fengyihuang: after a recent experiment, would like to bring up the idea of cleaning the lab chairs. have been told that the chairs have *never* been cleaned. yikes
  - storce: yes we should do that
  - ncostello: any information on cost or how to clean? 
    - fengyi: not yet, will contact SUFMO
    - jaysa: if paying for with ASUC money, there are specific policies for services from vendors. may want to loop in ~rsang to make sure we follow ASUC finance policies
  - chair cleaning social :) (~jaysa: no.)
  - joie: how old are the chairs?
    - jaysa: older than time itself
    - fengyihuang: older than me
  - lic: we should get plastic chairs
    - storce + jaysa: no.
  - rsang: wants details about service
    - fengyihuang: no details at current time
  - rsang: grant for OCF chairs?
    - jaysa + fengyihuang: want to keep current chairs

- Mailroom access solved
  - sbwilliams: we have mailroom now. current list with access: ~erdaifuu, ~rsang, ~jaysa, ~storce, ~finwan, ~rjz, ~lukepeters, ~sbwilliams 
  - sbwilliams: letter from DoD.
    - jaysa: this may be from the past but put back. weird that we're being asked again if it was the same person and new letter


General Updates:

* General Managers: fengyihuang and lukepeters

- Lauren reaching out to B&G
  - sbwilliams: lauren reached out to OASIS to get in touch with B&G leadership to discuss the MOU
  - jaysa: ~fengyihuang emailed B&G, got no response
  - fengyihuang: no idea who is in charge. they never open their door. emailed the email on their website and they never responded
    - blue & gold is not real.
  - kinn: asked about keycard?
  - jaysa: yes ~sbwilliams did, asked for people who have 171/171A/171B access. especially because in the MOU it specifies that yearbook should only come in while the lab is open, so there is no reason they should have keycard. yea that's p much it. if they want to come in outside of lab hours they need to give 24 hours notice
  - sbwilliams: andy told lauren to reach out about who should have access
  - jaysa: justified crashout over university admin and us being middlemanned

- jaysa: talking about keycard. twopic applied for keycard, lauren said that they have keycard access but they should not.
  - twopic: i thought i had keycard but every time i try to use it it doesn't work
  - storce: lauren said may 6th that the request has been approved, but doesn't seem to be working
  - jaysa: can we limit keycard to just bod
    - sbwilliams: prefer not to bc not all staff are bod
  - fengyihuang: all bod members should have keycard. outside of bod it should be a \*M decision
  - jaysa: want to do audit of keycard access
  - fengyihuang: is keycard policy official (yes)
  - lukepeters: yes there is policy for 2017. there has been talk about updating it.
  - jaysa: if you are looking into getting keycard, do not fill out the form without telling anyone or you'll get in trouble
  - sbwilliams: we have a google sheet you need to be on in order to get keycard
  - jaysa: i will be pissed if you fill out form without asking.
  - lukepeters: everyone on last list that we audited was good. but there is likely another list we don't control
    - sbwilliams: i want to know everyone who isn't OCF with clearance
      - lukepeters: yes we should know everyone


- jaysa: about bod membership more broadly we want to ensure that they can list at least one or two contributions. if they can't then i think they shouldn't be on bod
  - fengyihuang: seconds. in the past bod was "if you show up to 2 meetings you are on" bod changes last semester are to help ensure that bod members are people who care about the ocf and contribute
  - sbwilliams: seconds



Site Updates:

* Site Managers: sbwilliams and storce

- Lab reservation request by CalTV
  - sbwilliams: caltv wants to reserve lab every thursday at 7pm for meetings. said they have keycard but lauren claims this is not true
    - jaysa: tell them to politely dont ask again in the future. don't like that it would be every week and don't like tone
  - eariespraud: also money is a factor
  - fengyihuang: if you want to reserve the lab for a onetime thing, if you are willing to cover the cost of paying that staff member as well as a small fee i believe you should be able to reserve the lab
    - sbwilliams: that goes against ocf philosophy/mission. would prefer that this is only a free service
    - jaysa: they're already paying so many fees
    - storce: they shouldnt have to pay but if no staff are available then they cannot use space. needs to be within normal operating hours
  - rsang: bmt is during open hours so opstaff will still be getting paid normally. if operating outside of normal hours then the staff needing to be present should be paid.
  - ncostello: a blanket permission during weekdays during times when we would often expect regular staff to be in the lab, there's no way to move forward with that sort of request. (i.e. blanket weekly reservation at lab closing)
  - fengyihuang: only student groups can reserve the lab anyway
  - jaysa: updating hours file for BMT event. nov 8th. saturday so SWE in the morning, closing lab all day bc otherwise we could not open lab for very long
  - fengyihuang: any other opinions on reserving the lab? (no)
  - eariespraud: based on the criteria outlined here, the only time groups can really reserve the lab would be like a saturday
    - reserving during normal times is fine. problem with CalTV is that they want it to be recurring and also it would be outside of normal hours
    - storce: we should formalize this policy
      - fengyihuang: need BoD vote on this
      - jaysa: can GMs work on formalizing a new policy
        - fengyihuang: will do to vote on at next BoD
  - lukepeters: current policy is needs bod vote
    - fengyihuang: should formalize that we don't allow recurring events. will update website info

- jaysa: ~sbwilliams and i made a change with ~lic and ~sawansri, to printhost (puppet config/cups conf). logging in and accessing the jobs page of printhost now requires auth. this prevents potential exploit of people cancelling other users' jobs. previously that was fully possible and probably no ideal. ~eariespraud, any problems?
  - eariespraud: have had issues with jobs being cancelled. glad that we made this change so people can do that anymore
    - jaysa: no one has trolled like that yet but possible
  - eariespraud: hasn't caused any breakage

- eariespraud: landscape problem is still rampant. paper fix exists but people don't understand it
  - storce: all of them have papers but it's not the default
  - eariespraud: people printing 20 pages and coming to desk. fix isn't good enough
  - storce: want to make papers the default
    - jaysa: fuck GNOME. need to research alternative PDF viewer
    - sbwilliams: due to changes on paper's main branch, our patch doesn't work anymore. we can't update paper version. need that to be done before making it the default. could be done super fast though
  - jaysa: GNOME breaks yubikey ssh :)
    - sbwilliams: fix is `$ export SSH_AUTH_SOCK=`
      - jaysa: fascinating. for anyone with SSH issues, use this fix. yippee. kill GNOME eventually. will not be making changes to [unnamed exploit] for now. iykyk.
        - sbwilliams: agrees this is correct course of action re: exploit


Operations Updates:

* Operations Manager: eariespraud

- none :D yippee

- eariespraud: every time i just wanna share dumb things that people say. someone opened the printer and was like "why did the printing stop :(" someone opened a printer to check if it had paper and it hasn't been back up since?? papercut
  - patrons cannot read apparently. uc berkeley students everyone
  - eariespraud: confusion at how people can be like this. gentle parenting but people are like 20.
  - rsang: will put sign on all printers telling people not to open. also maybe stickies that tell people not to use the screen or try to print from their device
  - fengyihuang: if it's something opstaff want to do, we have a laminator and can use it to make more signs like "do not touch"
    - rsang: yea. working on it

- eariespraud: someone using group account but had N/A pages
  - jaysa/sbwilliams: will look into
  - putting username in #opstaff-priv to look into
   
Internal Updates:

* Internal Heads: joiew and ncostello

- ncostello: last week we were supposed to have desktop ricing competition. it will happen this week, today during GM. we trust jaysa has good explanation + plan
  - thank u jaysa
  - fengyihuang: social plan?
    - ncostello: clocktower

- lukepeters: framework expressed interest in tech talk, waiting to hear back from them about timing

Finance Updates:

* Finance Heads: finwan and rsang

- rsang: no big updates this week. paper order likely will come in this week or next. ocf keyboards coming in ~30 days


DeCal Updates:

* DeCal Heads: erdaifuu, lic, and sawansri

- erdaifuu: decal is going smoothly. good numbers, lower dropoff than last year. little hiccup deploying to website. ~sbwilliams fixed runner version and it is working now

- jaysa: jane street money, need help still?
  - erdaifuu: yes
  - jaysa: will help tonight if ricing challenge goes well, otherwise later this week. need to do ASUC invoice thing so they can pay us.

Design Updates:

* Design Heads: jingwenyang and msonmez

- jingwenyang: smth on discord. 
  - people will look at design later in the #design channel on discord
  - only allow printable area of 12x12. ~jingwenyang has posted final design of limited graphic in #design channel for people to look at. on the 22nd
  - jaysa: once we approve final design we place older?
    - jingwenyang: they are still small adjustments they could make to the collar line. can adjust after payment
  - kinn: design hasn't changed since last bod?
    - rsang: did you get a word about the sizing?
      - jingwenyang: we can specify sizes. no limitations known of. XL is more expensive ($2.6 more)
      - jingwenyang: maybe do survey on sizes
        - jaysa: anyone willing to take point?
        - kinn: discord announcement
      - jaysa: internal take care of gauging size estimate demand
        - joie: i can do it. or ~msonmez
        - msonmez: i can also help
        - ncostello: form (~joie: or discord react)
  - kinn: you posted invoice in the chat right?
    - jingwenyang: yes
    - kinn: i think we're good then
  - current price is $957 including tax + shipping + art fee. this is more expensive than was agreed upon before
    - paid $30 for one mouse click. amazing

- msonmez: will send out form about retreat either tomorrow or friday. will be anonymous, jsut getting opinions about considerations. please be as honest as possible so can get idea of e.g. transportation or location + how we should generally organize it. would be appreciated if people could fill it out by next BoD so we can bring up voting items if needed

- jaysa: let's rice baby

BoD Concluded: 19:26
