# 1 | 12/10/2025

Directors in Attendance:

- [x] lukepeters
- [x] fengyihuang
- [ ] eariespraud
- [x] storce
- [x] sbwilliams

- [x] joie
- [x] ncostello

- [x] finwan
- [ ] rsang

- [x (virtual)] erdaifuu
- [x] lic
- [x] sawansri

- [x (virtual)] jingwenyang
- [x] msonmez

- [ ] rjz
- [x] jaysa
- [x (virtual)] toke
- [x] kinn
- [x] blakeh

Quorum Met (y/n): yeaaaaaa
Total Attendance: 16/19


Guests in Attendance:
- veil
- michaelzls

Notetaker: jaysa


# Agenda

BoD Started: 6:56PM


Voting Items:


Updates:

- fang: bye bye. graduation
    - will still be in the bay area tho guys

General Updates:

* General Managers: fengyihuang and lukepeters

- storce: alum banquet this saturday
    - got a discount code online, $450
    - 15 RSVPs on the form, 12 are alum!!!
    - jaysa may buy extra drinks l8r

- jaysa: ricing competition after bod

Site Updates:

* Site Managers: sbwilliams and storce

- nix flake update moment
    - added cosmic and some extra inputs also lol
- wifi pass changed, check onepass / ask *Ms
- joe vm compromised
    - update ur react webservers lol
- labmap coming back up after bod
    - one disk was already partitioned to nixos but broken lol
    - got confused
- need to schedule downtime for nfs host migration over winter break

sophie:
- audit of ocfstaff user group happening
- audit of firewall rules needs to happen
- tsunami will be restricted to campus network soon, no longer public ssh with purely password
    - same for supernova, it will require ssh key auth
    - blakeh: CSUA has it set up so outside of campus is ssh key only, password auth within campus network
    - alumni will lose access but we can resolve it on a case-by-case basis

Operations Updates:

* Operations Manager: eariespraud

- blakeh: today wifi password changed so color printing was broken all day lol
- opstaff social on saturday that coincides with banquet, we will be in lab at same time
- sbwilliams: opstaff hiring finalized by friday
    - blakeh: found at least 2 to hire for this spring, will decide by friday
    - blakeh: 1 more interview on friday bc they had an emergency
- any opstaff can talk to lauren about campus employee status, taxes
    - lmk if you need her calendly link
   
Internal Updates:

* Internal Heads: joiew and ncostello

- abizer ted talk today at 8:30PM
- ncostello: additional interest from alumni besides abizer for another tech talk 
    - no time this sem, will host next sem


Finance Updates:

* Finance Heads: finwan and rsang

- usb to sata connector showed up!!!

DeCal Updates:

* DeCal Heads: erdaifuu, lic, and sawansri

- sawansri: lecs are done, grades due on the 26th will start grading leftovers sunday
- peyrin's possible suspension next sem
    - we have someone else who will sponsor, Michael Ball
    - sophie: make a statement? we used to be based guys
        - fang: may be problems with campus policy

Design Updates:

* Design Heads: jingwenyang and msonmez

- brb 2 minutes

## ELECTIONS BABYYYYYYYY

### INTERNAL/EXTERNAL

- toke's speech
    - whats up guys im kevin
    - been in ocf for abt 3 semesters now
    - bought snacks for ocf, been around
        - excited to do that
    - good socials would be planned
        - such as slime social
    - other fire ideas
- toke questions:
    - lukepeters: courseload?
        - taking 1 tech, 1 history class, 2 other fun classes
        - pretty light
    - jaysa: besides snacks, major recent contributions to ocf?
        - try to talk to people and interact with newstaff
        - get people into the vibe and feel welcome
        - introduce ppl
    - jaysa: held roles in the past for ocf?
        - not yet

- msonmez speech:
    - served as marketing committee head this sem
    - part of ocf for 2 semesters
    - helped out with tabling this semester and last semester
    - planned retreat this sem
    - done a lil social media w/ fang and joie
    - intake forms in beginning of semester
    - for next sem, want to...
        1. do retreat
            - will check budget and see if we can organize another
        2. help bridge committees, outdoor socials!!!
            - ice skating, hiking together, go to the park
            - almost mandatory to attend at least 1 bro
    - this sem, learned that transparency is important from retreat planning
        - will ensure good communication next sem w/ directors and committee heads

- msonmez questions:
    - jaysa: courseload?
        - 12 units, none too hard
        - part time job + research.
        - outside of that nothing crazy
    - lukepeters: prior leadership experience/contributions?
        - was marketing head w/ jingwen this sem
        - done nonprofit mentorship in the past
        - but main experience is ocf
    - lukepeters: is internal or design preferred ticket?
        - msonmez: would prefer *ternal
    - sbwilliams: btw we need to update bylaws to count committees lol

- joiew speech
    - been in ocf for 3 sems, internal head for 2
    - just woke up lowk
    - ocf is really cool
    - stocked up the storage room with snacks
    - will continue doing outreach, tech talks, etc
    - if you dont vote me in it's whatever i love ocf
    - made ocf soyjack poster, tech talk flyer
    - preferred ticket: none. literally no preference
    - 15 units next semester
        - unless i add more
        - NO CHINESE
    - thatsa it

### Finance

- finna solo ticket AUTO WINS. NO COMPETITORS.
    - been stepping more into role of finance structure, checking buysheet and approving PRs
    - organizing storage room, being generally aware of purchases that need to be made
    - gonna continue this next sem
    - next sem taking 16 units, 1 is a breadth so not horrible

- finna questions:
    - michaelzls: inventory spreadsheet?
    - already exists
    - michaelzls: hows it updated?
        - i look around and then update it
        - michaelzls: list of things that should exist?
        - finnawang: yeah. p much. not gonna make everyone log everything

### DECAL
- erdaifuu and sawansri AUTO WIN. SIGMA. SIGMA COMPUTE
- sawansri: more of an update than a speech
    - when i joined laksith was main dude handling decal stuff, transitioned it to erdaifuu and i
    - we moved decal materials off xcf to ocf github
    - moved ci/cd from jenkins to github actions
    - jaysa rewrote decal website in Hugo
    - working on infra
    - had a great time teaching, will continue to do so next sem
    - have a plan to work on labs over winter break, make them more cohesive
        - talked to oliverni earlier this sem about making labs tie together, possible final deliverable to make it less disjointed

- sawansri questions:
    - ncostello: workload?
        - 2 classes

- erdaifuu
    - want to migrate decal runbook to new docs!!!
        - we can store it on supernova in a dir like we used to

### DESIGN

- jaysa: solo ticket jingwen?
    - jingwenyang: been thinking about role of design a bit, its kind of a placeholder ngl. many previous ppl in this role are not fully doing whats supposed to be done.
    - which i cant blame them
    - if paired with someone else, really wnts them to step up
    - also fine running design alone
- jingwenyang:
    - i draw. i draw for ocf
    - want to do this for rest of time at berkeley
    - want ocf to be good :)

BoD Concluded: 
